feat: implement breadcrumb component (#508)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/features/breadcrumbs.md

---
title: "Breadcrumbs"
tags:
  - component
---

> Breadcrumbs are a list of links that help visualize the location of a pages within a sites hierarchical structure, it allows navigation up to any of the ancestors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breadcrumbs provide a way to navigate a hierarchy of pages within your site a list of its parent folders.
```
